The z rooms app has 35 available looping audio files for sleeping, guided meditation, chilling out, and waking up. Its audio files are of 4 styles: white noise, dark ambient, bright ambient, and classical compositions. People set a duration (or infinite) of the listening session and when it’s completed the audio either fades to zero or fades into a different audio file for waking up.

New feature we recently added are pretty significant. We've added text to speech functionality. Now users can optionally toggle on a random guided meditation that accompanies the existing app functionality, playing the guided meditation narration voice over the ambient audio. There are 35 prewritten guided meditations. The voice is intentionally a bit artificial sounding - a robotic, synthesized quality that creates an interesting meditative atmosphere over different ambient sounds. We are intentionally using the built in voice provided by Apple so users don't need to mess with downloading any of the more modern realistic voice packages which are large in size. The app is 100% offline, free, ad free, subscription free, and about 110MB in size. The artificial sounding voice style actually works well for this app's audio and was a happy accident.

Users can also write their OWN custom meditations and save up to 35 custom meditations. We even have it so users can set pause breaks between words: (2s) or (1.5m) for example. If user deletes all of their custom meditations, the default custom meditation comes back so they can have a nice example one with pauses that they can start with, and they can duplicate meditaions to make it easy on them.

Also there is a closed caption which, when enabled, displays the meditation being spoken in text form along the bottom of the screen. This optional feature is enabled by default. 

